Add missing shared arbitrator configs (#24720)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/properties.rst

  See description for ``shared-arbitrator.memory-pool-min-free-capacity``

``shared-arbitrator.memory-pool-abort-capacity-limit``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``1GB``

  Specifies the starting memory capacity limit for global arbitration to

>   search for victim participant to reclaim used memory by abort. For

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  search for victim participant to reclaim used memory. For
```

Author: There are 2 ways of reclaim, spilling and aborting. This config specifically applies to aborting scenario.

  participants with capacity larger than the limit, the global arbitration

>   choose to abort the youngest participant which has the largest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  chooses to abort the youngest participant which has the largest
```

  participant id. This helps to let the old queries to run to completion.
  The abort capacity limit is reduced by half if could not find a victim
  participant until this reaches to zero.

>   NOTE: the limit must be zero or a power of 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  NOTE: the limit value must be either zero, or a power of 2.
```

``shared-arbitrator.memory-pool-min-reclaim-bytes``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``128MB``

  Specifies the minimum bytes to reclaim from a participant at a time. The

>   global arbitration also avoids to reclaim from a participant if its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  global arbitration also avoids reclaiming from a participant if its
```

  reclaimable used capacity is less than this threshold. This is to
  prevent inefficient memory reclaim operations on a participant with

>   small reclaimable used capacity which could causes a large number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  small reclaimable used capacity, which could cause a large number of
```

>   small spilled file on disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  small spilled files on disk.
```

``shared-arbitrator.memory-reclaim-threads-hw-multiplier``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``0.5``

>   Floating point number used in calculating how many threads we would use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Floating point number used in calculating how many threads to use
```

  for memory reclaim execution: hw_concurrency x multiplier. 0.5 is
  default.

``shared-arbitrator.global-arbitration-memory-reclaim-pct``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``10``

  If not zero, specifies the minimum amount of memory to reclaim by global
  memory arbitration as percentage of total arbitrator memory capacity.

``shared-arbitrator.global-arbitration-abort-time-ratio``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``0.5``

>   The ratio used with 'shared-arbitrator.memory-reclaim-max-wait-time',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The ratio used with ``shared-arbitrator.memory-reclaim-max-wait-time``,
```

>   beyond which, global arbitration will no longer reclaim memory by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  beyond which global arbitration will no longer reclaim memory by
```

  spilling, but instead directly abort. It is only in effect when

>   'global-arbitration-enabled' is true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``global-arbitration-enabled`` is ``true``.
```

``shared-arbitrator.global-arbitration-without-spill``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``false``

>   If true, global arbitration will not reclaim memory by spilling, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If ``true``, global arbitration does not reclaim memory by spilling, but
```

  only by aborting. This flag is only effective if

>   'shared-arbitrator.global-arbitration-enabled' is true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``shared-arbitrator.global-arbitration-enabled`` is ``true``.
```
